c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ex02015\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PersonalTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\ex02015\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyMVCTemplate\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
